This is a head-gum original.
Maria, take it away.
Really?
I mean, I'm back in the hot seat.
Everyone seemed to love you as the host, right?
So let's just keep on going down that track.
I'll swallow my pride, I'll swallow my feelings.
Last week, I still hosted.
I still had the outline.
You were my mouthpiece.
And now people are giving you due credit.
Putting you through due process.
And I'm having trial by fire without a jury.
Right?
What am I supposed to do?
Deep better.
Really?
Yeah.
How so?
I don't know.
I got a lot of compliments from people saying that last week's episode was their favorite episode
of the podcast ever.
Right?
No, it's just an outline that I did.
Where does the part where you're swallowing your pride come in?
Yeah.
You said you were going to do that.
It doesn't really seem like that's happening right now.
You think I'm proud right now?
You think I'm proud to sit here and yell at everyone?
Yeah.
I do.
A little bit.
Yeah.
Why?
I don't know.
I can feel it.
Emma, did you hear the episode last year?
Last year last week?
Last week.
Let's start with last week and then I'll figure out if you liked the Miles Bond's
in your air.
I didn't hear it.
You didn't hear it either.
I'm having an echo and all I can hear is myself.
I'm really sorry.
This wouldn't have happened.
This wouldn't have happened if I was hosting.
Last week you are hosting.
No, Marieka's the fucking host now.
That's what I've decided.
Right?
This week is to me.
I don't have an outline.
This week, Marieka's taking the reins as host.
And she has to figure out the games and shit.
And you're just going to have to bring this on her.
Yeah.
And honestly, that's not even how the show works to begin with.
Because in theory, you're planning every week.
True.
Because you can be excited to hear.
Yeah.
I'm theory.
You're going to just say, hey, Marieka, you're turning to plan.
If you think you're so good at it.
But you didn't.
And so now we all look dumb.
Well, I don't need someone.
Yeah.
No, you don't.
I don't.
And then someone to every week be like, by the way,
you need to come up with shit for the podcast.
I either do or I don't.
You don't need someone.
But you're so basically.
You're not quitting this.
Let's get it to you.
I'm not quitting.
I'm just this is like a fire quitting.
I said, you're quitting this to if I.
And I need guidance from somebody to just do what I'm
quote unquote supposed to do.
Yeah.
When I was supposed to do it in the first place.
You're destitute to do it.
It seems, which I don't appreciate.
I show up to every week with a certain air.
Yeah.
A certain air.
Sometimes joy.
Sometimes wisdom.
Sometimes Joel.
Sometimes joy.
And sometimes soil.
I had a dream that I pissed my pants.
Did it cause you to piss your pants?
I don't know.
If we should get into that, obviously,
a little bit of personal, a little bit.
I guess your bed is right behind you.
So if it was last night, I guess we'd be able to.
Yellow and red spin.
I've been sort of having kidney issues.
No, I, I did think it was time for a wax episode.
Sometimes people get mad at the segments that I do.
Sometimes get mad.
Then they also get mad when I don't prepare anything.
So I, you know, it's been flowing for a while.
I feel like we've had a couple of episodes.
Now it's time for an ad.
Does that make sense?
Sure.
Yeah.
Amid it.
Did any of you ever call you Eva Foley?
Not until right now.
So this is kind of the first step of your life.
And not, yeah, the inaugural Eva.
Yeah.
Succession is over.
You guys didn't talk about it at all last week.
Okay.
Fly it out, line to follow.
Right.
And now we get to talk about anything.
How freeing is that?
Brah!
Not.
I've never seen that.
I've never seen it.
Now you're looking like a different monitor.
I'm sorry.
I asked for 50 minutes of your guys's undivided attention.
And I can't even understand.
I can't even understand.
It's in line to divide it.
Also, you didn't specify that.
Yeah.
Well, undivided, we fall.
Yes.
United.
Well, yeah.
I guess undivided as United.
No, you kind of got it right.
Have you ever flown undivided?
Meaning.
Right.
Because the opposite of United.
Oh.
Yeah.
No undivided is United.
That's a synonym for United.
You guys aren't following.
I'm really not undivided.
So not divided.
Right.
Okay.
United.
That's true.
Yeah.
Right.
That's what we've been saying.
And you guys are.
This is so fucked up.
Maria, let's say you're hosting this episode.
How do you crawl everybody?
Everybody's being unruly.
I'd say, like, I do some sort of sound effect.
We have to move on, even though we weren't really talking about anything in the first place.
Yeah.
Probably not the knocking sound effect though.
I think that would be easy.
I could say about my hosting ability versus your hosting ability is that I took the
time before the recording to really set up how everyone was going to hear.
The sound effect.
I made sure that they were at a reasonable volume for everyone.
No, you didn't.
I can't.
Yeah.
And I can.
I have to do that.
Because I don't even know.
Okay.
There you go.
Right.
But you could have thought to download it.
Or you could put all of your sound effects in a better sound effect.
Place.
And what I thought you were going to say is that you could put all your sound effects
in a bin.
Which, like, they're not in a folder, but they aren't mine.
Right.
It's kind of like carrying all your eggs in a basket.
Putting all your sound effects in a bin.
Well, that's what I've done with this show.
Right.
I go to like general meat.
What's that?
I go into like writing and acting general meetings.
They don't want to work with me.
I don't want to work with them.
And they say, what do you do?
And I say, uh, mostly I host this podcast.
Maybe you've heard of it.
And then there's like this awkward pause.
And then they're like, what's the title of it?
I'm like, oh, right.
Yeah.
Sorry.
It's called the headgump podcast.
And they have no idea what I'm talking about.
They say headgun.
And I'm like, no, head gum.
And that's sort of where we're at.
Also partly.
Yeah.
I mean, I think you kind of set yourself up for that.
By saying you've probably heard of it.
Or something to that effect.
Um.
But you have to be confident.
You don't know.
Yeah.
Of course.
How?
And those have been going well for you?
Uh, they've sort of the well's run dry.
And ultimately, I don't know if it ever was that wet.
Does that make sense?
Like, yeah.
What do you mean you?
I just don't like you saying wet.
You're the one who's sexualized it.
I was talking about a well, not a vision.
All right.
Okay.
Move on.
Yeah.
Um, and let's talk about dating in New York.
Are you still?
Yeah.
No.
My love life took a bit of an hour earlier this year.
But.
Really?
Oh, we're covering.
Are you heartbroken?
Are you asking?
I was, but I'm better.
You're recovered already.
This was what, January?
Um.
Yeah.
It was kind of January to March.
No.
I'm not recovered.
But that seems like the polite thing to say on your face.
So that we don't like dive into the idea of heartbreak.
Yeah.
I mean, if you want to.
Were you on faithful?
No.
Did you think about being on faithful?
That's not really my style.
Definitely.
Me either.
All of a sudden.
Because what you do is right now.
Holy shit.
I'm a look.
We're twinning.
What's your, like, cent?
Sandalwood, mixed with theater.
Nice.
I wonder if I was like, it's actually a citronella.
I've been dealing with a mosquito.
Or like the guenneth palatro candle.
That's what I was thinking.
Yeah.
Well, when we were, because we, we should say that the New York
Office is in, it's like a floor below.
Guenneth's old digs.
I think she often did lunch at dig.
That's good.
Yeah.
Um, so, but are you, are you looking to mingle or thringle?
Sure.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let's start throwing out phrase.
I want to take that out of the podcast.
But getting back out there.
Yeah.
But you're already out.
But you're, like, you're okay with,
Sorry.
Mingle and thringle.
Wringle.
Yeah.
Uh.
Are you looking to be set up?
I can start throwing some names out there.
Uh.
I don't know.
Depends.
Maybe you throw the names out there.
And then I'll tell you if I'm, like, going to be set up.
Do you know Emily Rikoka?
No.
Okay.
She went to NYU.
She's Tish.
That's cool.
I should have a movie.
I'm looking to get out there.
So maybe we couldn't.
Yeah.
The short.
It is.
Final glitch.
Well, yeah.
Final sound effects.
If it gets into festivals,
I'll do another sound mix.
The sound is kind of shitty.
Really?
Uh.
And you don't fear that the sound mix is sort of what
makes a break.
The festival run.
Okay.
I do fear that.
So thank you for coming.
I absolutely do hear that.
That's like my main fear, yeah.
But aren't you an audio engineer?
I mean, yes.
You made the beginning of this podcast.
Did you know I recorded it?
No.
Um.
Why do you get somebody ahead?
Come to mix it.
What about fucking Peter?
No.
I'll ask around.
I'll put it in Slack.
Oh, speaking of Peter.
Um, one of them.
I don't really know the people.
I don't care to hear anything on the top subject of speaking of Peter.
Because it's not going to be entertaining or good.
It was good for me because he said that.
It was.
What do you mean?
He said that my episode was just favorite episode of the podcast.
And then he also said that he saw fast acts over the weekend.
And Jason Mamo is character reminded him of you.
Because I have long hair.
No.
It's the energy.
You were married to this guy.
Yes.
I ran into Lisa Bonet twice in like a week.
Where?
Just sort of been 2019 to Penguin Canyon twice in the same day.
We sort of were right in the same errands.
Okay.
And that's that is what you thought was interesting from the whole story.
Um.
It's just sucks because I didn't know Peter listened to the show.
Yeah.
And it seems like his favorite episode was the one where I didn't host.
That's not what exactly what I said.
Oh, that's true.
Wait.
What'd you just say?
The his favorite episode.
No.
The exact sentence you just said.
That's exactly what I said.
Where do the day?
Said.
Exactly right.
Um.
Brad.
Let's talk about.
Marital woes in Portland.
Okay.
How are you guys keeping it romance?
Have you read mating and captivity?
I have not read mating and captivity.
I don't think I need to.
Because things are going in your doom.
No, because it's the first five race.
We've been married for like seven.
I didn't know that.
Yeah.
So don't say it.
Like I'm supposed to know.
Don't assume shit without asking shit.
Maybe if you hit me up every now and then.
For a chat or a gab.
Or showed up when I invite you to things.
The climbing thing.
You're still on that.
Yeah.
I still don't remember.
I'm going back to LA in a couple weeks, actually.
And this time you didn't bother to tell me.
I don't tell you.
Shit.
You know what's man is that I had your voice in my head this morning.
I didn't even.
I thought you were on tomorrow's episode.
So this wasn't even because I was thinking that I was going to see you today on zoom.
But I had your voice being you call and Joe stood me.
And it did make me laugh.
That's good.
I'm glad it's good.
It's actually really good.
Thinking of me made you laugh.
Well.
That was nice.
Very chill.
I guess it's time for everybody's.
Bond of the week.
I don't think you guys gave.
First of all, Murika.
I just want to say that you sort of butchered.
My bond of the week last year.
Because you said.
It was the last year.
Blue diamond.
Last week.
It's the second time.
Yo.
I'll cut it out.
And I don't mean edit.
I mean all cut it out.
Is that guy gone?
Is that guy dead?
What's his name?
Joey?
You?
Oh, from Joey.
I don't call Joey.
Yeah.
Dave Coolier.
He said, you know that elinus Morrisett song.
You ought to know.
Yeah.
It's about him.
Wow.
Yeah.
Well.
Well, I guess on the topic of shit that doesn't matter.
Murika last week.
Yeah.
You were like Jeff Spawn of the week.
As the CEO of Blue Diamond Growers.
Because it's time for a James Almond.
Which is not how it was typed out or meant to be said.
It was supposed to be a James Almond.
Interesting.
Frantically searching.
Yeah.
Look.
Once once again.
I just want to reiterate that you sent a PDF document of your outline.
And at very clearly states, it's time for a James Almond.
Almond does not capitalize at all.
It was capitalized.
Nothing is capitalized.
Yeah.
This is crazy.
There's no way.
So the formatting changed.
Right?
It was that I typed it out just so.
Yeah.
Didn't really proof read or edit.
To do it.
That's fucking graces job editing.
Not your document.
I all right.
What is this cross examination?
I'm getting the fucking third degree.
You were giving you the third degree.
So I turned it around on you.
How do you like that?
What are your guys' bonds a week?
Mind is a...
No, no, no, no.
Mind is a sort of a...
It would be like double a seven Saturday night.
It's time for a James song.
Yeah.
Your classic Saturday night references because that's the only show
that you know because you did it in high school.
Double a seven takes the great white way.
Can you imagine like a chase scene that ends at the fucking Richard Rogers?
I can.
It's kind of like that happens a lot.
Richard Rogers theater was featured in the last John Wick movie.
John Wick 4?
Yeah.
Maybe it was in 3.
So not ultimately.
Yeah.
James Bond a week.
Who do you have?
Pattington Bear.
And then in this case it would be...
Pattington Bond.
Okay.
And then we could...
You just say Patting Bond and then I'll edit it so that you set it right away.
No, I'm not going to say that because I don't want it to be that.
No.
Because if you say Pattington Bond and then I edit it right there,
people are going to laugh and think that you know, you are really on it today.
Right.
But I don't need that glory.
And I don't want it to be Pattington Bond.
And don't edit that into a different thing.
It's Pattington Bear.
Emma, what do you got?
Your director sort of a casting.
Excellent.
That way.
Let's say you're doing...
Sorry.
Just once again.
Let's say you're doing James.
You're directing James Bond.
Absolutely.
Who do you cast?
That does seem like the natural next step for me, first of all.
Second of all.
Let's fix that sound mix and then it's the next step.
The girl in...
Are you there? Got us, me Margaret.
She just signed with WME.
Did you?
Really.
I think.
Sorry.
Did you just like assume?
You guys already did the choice.
Did you just assume that everyone signed with WME?
No, there was a deadline article.
Brad.
I'm going to go famous Italian American scam artist Charles Ponzi.
It's time for a James Con.
You could still have said Bonsky.
I thought James Con was better.
James Con is way better.
James Con is just a different actor.
Steve's on.
James Con.
Yeah.
James Bond.
Zon.
I'm going to change mine to Steve's on.
It's always funny when people change it last minute because it just doesn't matter.
Is it funny?
I'm going to ruin it.
I mean, let's talk about the air quality.
We got into it a little bit before we started recording.
But I mean, is it truly...
Are you guys having trouble breathing?
Are you guys basically smoking cigarettes without any reward?
Sure. I mean, I've been going outside with the mask that I did yesterday.
Um, stand on a roof for an hour.
Just inhaling and waiting.
Yeah.
Charming and waiting for it to take me.
As one does it's rice.
I thought it would be funny if I took this call from outside.
But I ultimately decided against it.
I do think though, if it's a equivalent to smoking six cigarettes.
Yeah.
That's not so bad.
Yeah, you'll, that's just Saturday night.
Well, I was like, I haven't smoked enough a week.
So actually, I think this is fine.
I think this is going to be a net neutral for me.
That's...
But again, you don't get anything from it.
Like smoking a cigarette like a little bit of a buzz.
You look really...
But if you...
That's true.
It's true.
I'm not going to look cool.
Well, what's the whole, what's the whole fit?
Are you wearing like a royal tenon bombs?
Jack suit, cash, and bottoms?
And I would advise you not to say that side.
No, I would advise you not to say that side.
Yeah, then why don't you step out?
I mean, where are you, are you in Bushwick?
No, I'm in East Village.
You'll be fine.
Nobody cool.
Dresses there.
Sorry.
Nobody dresses cool there.
Really?
Do you have any in Bushwick?
Yeah.
No.
Um...
Do you guys think I would last a day and I'm square?
No.
Scraised?
What do you mean no?
I was just kind of...
Actually, can I tell a real story about...
Um, I'm square because I was there this weekend.
And also I hate the named Times Square.
But I was walking past a restaurant.
And there was a child sitting...
There's a family at a like four top outside.
And they were sitting kind of next to like a ramp up to the restaurant.
And then as we approached them, there was clear that there was a child behind them lying on the ramp on a blanket.
And they were literally eating fries with like not inside of the family at all.
Like shoes blocking the entrance to the ramp.
And ultimately the child...
Um...
It was the crazy thing I've ever seen in my life.
I don't know why...
Why would you just let your child lay on the street at a restaurant?
Yeah, I don't know.
Kind of sounds like a pie.
This show is sponsored by BetterHelp, guys.
How much time do you spend on you, right?
Yourself.
I bet it's not that much in any given week because we're always spending time on other people, right?
Work requirements, work relationships,
personal relationships, personal requirements, right?
It's easy to get caught up in what everyone else needs from you while neglecting yourself.
And that's where therapy can come in, alright?
It's good to have set aside time to talk about what you're going through.
What you need from you, what you can do to sort of cope with the week's stressors, right?
Because when we spend all of our time giving it,
can leave us feeling stretched then and burnt out.
And therapy can enter the picture and give you the tools you need to find more balance in your life.
I'm in therapy every week.
I just came from therapy just now in my car.
And I'm floating.
I mean, I'm on top of the god damn world with this shit.
I don't know what else to say.
So if you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try.
It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist,
and switch therapists at any time for no additional charge.
Find more balance with BetterHelp.
Visit BetterHelp.com slash what's that today to get 10% off your first month?
That's BetterHelp.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks BetterHelp.
Fuck you guys.
Sorry, my god, I was so, I went somewhere else.
That's so good.
So much dead here, man.
I'm getting a call with no color ID.
Should I answer it?
Yeah.
Absolutely.
Hello.
We should.
It's clear slaughter.
Oh.
Yeah.
Is this from my 115 appointment tomorrow?
Holy shit.
Yeah.
I'll be there.
Tons of like to me.
Thank you.
No.
Allergies.
I've got a 115 tomorrow.
Yeah.
But yours is with destiny.
That was just a surgeon who's doing performing at thoughts like that.
How do you know my dentist's name?
Doctor destiny would be a dentist.
I would not give a dime to.
What is that?
Why?
Doctor, it just sounds like that.
Did you ever get insurance?
That was really good.
Thank you.
I will say that Marieka last week.
And why don't we, why don't we get some, why don't we set up for this?
Why don't we set up Marieka?
Oh, you said set up?
This was a sound.
I didn't even know it was on my sound.
And I found it out.
Yeah.
That's true.
But we'll, we'll keep it going.
Full steam ahead here.
We can get Peter to sound mixed that too.
That's also loud.
Um.
I, I don't know what you guys expect for me, right?
We're trying to fucking keep this thing going for another.
I don't know.
20 minutes.
That's all we really need.
Were you addressing me about something?
I said why don't we set up.
Because you were, your posture was looking sort of like, I don't know.
I was worried it would be like a can.
But you were, you were like, another thing that Marieka did.
Oh, was that you played that sound last week?
And I didn't even know that was on my sound board.
Uh.
Well.
Um.
Let's just go through some fucking news of the day.
Right?
That's what we do in the second day.
What do you mean, Jesus?
I'm trying to fucking keep this thing going for.
You know what?
Anything else to talk about?
What about the fact you were out of town for like three weeks?
Or I was in Kentucky for three weeks.
Was it actually three weeks?
Yeah.
It was almost four weeks.
It nailed that.
Well.
Yeah.
And you set on Instagram that a snake almost paid you?
So a black racer snake, nonvenomists.
Yeah.
So you don't worry.
But it nipped at my ankles on a trail.
I was getting my steps in Brad's style.
And then it ended up being like some leaves rustling, you know, to my three o'clock.
Um, to use Brad terms.
And uh, I just like, this like fucking rope looking thing just comes at my fucking
ankles.
That's thin ankles.
And um, it didn't nick me.
But it was addictive to me.
It hissed.
And I was pissed.
And uh, it was ultimately all fine.
But I was like, I gotta get the hell out of Kentucky.
There's snakes in California too, right?
Much more venomous than California.
Yeah.
Right.
So three weeks.
You haven't been getting any meat in this.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I'm just trying.
Oh, Chris, Chris, you entered the president's race.
What do you guys think?
Uh, I think he's going to lose.
Bad.
When though.
And we all know who'll lose.
But when.
I mean, he'll probably drop out after like the first debate.
Maybe the second.
Okay.
So per the cut is the headline.
What if you weren't scared of your kid being fat?
It's not going to be me.
Hey.
He's scared of you.
Scared of that.
Hold on.
I smell gas in my apartment.
I just want to see something light a match.
I want to see something.
Per.
Per billboard.
Gen Z isn't drinking.
And clubs aren't happy.
I saw that headline actually.
How about you don't read the news when you're going to be on the show?
I found out I was going to be on the show yesterday.
Right.
And that headline was from last night.
I don't think it was.
Um.
Hmm.
If anyone was wondering, I, it wasn't my stove.
So if I keel over.
Um, from natural gas inhalation.
Please don't.
We need to think of me fondly.
Bondly.
Not good.
Um.
It can be brownly.
That's really good.
I kind of got his hair.
That's good.
It's time for a Marieka Brown.
Oh.
Guys, I don't know what more to do.
I feel like I'm coming here or the ton of energy.
It's not being matched.
Brad.
This is going to be start of the episode.
And seconds of silence.
And you said.
I'm taking phone calls on the show.
You told me to answer.
And she's like, should I step outside and my adidas?
And then Brad is fucking.
Exactly.
The problem.
Okay.
Brad is fucking looking at other monitors.
Thinking about his wife.
And how good their fucking union is.
How fucking did undivided they are?
Uh-huh.
Which is the same as United.
Marieka can't handle the show to the extent that she's inhaling CEO.
Nice.
I don't know, man.
Like, what do you want to do?
Do you want to say another song?
Station.
I want to screw you.
You want to talk about something.
Right?
Let's not do that.
What do you mean?
Because it's not.
Extra-station live going.
It's great.
It's awesome.
Hitting numbers that you thought they might.
I didn't know that.
Exciting.
Expectations.
And also the bar was pretty low.
But they pushed past it.
And also shattered the glass ceiling.
I guess we could say that we have had gum.
Happy hour show being hosted by
Exploration Life.
Coming up.
And that's June.
July.
July 17th.
That's what I was going to say.
Monday night.
Come through.
Caviot.
New York.
Yeah.
Not a very good night.
To have a show.
Well, that's what you think in LA.
But Monday could be a different story.
I don't know.
That's true.
In beer news.
Popular food truck.
Massive sausage company is taking over the Lemessa.
Lemessa beer pub in San Diego.
Just from like the San Diego Chronicle or something.
Yeah.
It's going to San Diego Eagle.
Okay.
What do you guys excited about in your lives?
All right.
Like, can you guys not pick up on the synergy that I'm like pushing through,
trudging through the sand?
I'm excited about a lot.
I have a busy ass summer plan.
So what are you doing this summer?
By the way, you don't have to wait till you're prompted to share.
That's my height.
Literally just started sharing.
I think I got it.
What are you excited about?
With the direction for me.
Let me just talk about what I'm excited about.
Man.
Let's hear it.
I'm going to squamish.
Meaning.
It's a town in British Columbia, north of Vancouver.
For my birthday on the 4th of July.
We're going to go rock climbing.
We're going to climb a thing called the chief.
Uh-huh.
It's big.
Yeah.
You're just looking outside.
Going to some concerts.
Going to see big kids.
Going to see golf, babe.
The golf, babe, babe.
Going to Iceland for two weeks.
What are you going to do in Iceland?
We're renting a van.
We're going to drive around the whole country.
Bring road.
We're going to go climb.
We're bringing all of our rock ice.
No.
Rock.
Iceland climb.
Yeah.
We're going to see puffins.
Some cute little puffins.
Are you going to see Amber Ruffin?
Don't know who that is, but maybe.
Do you just burp?
No, that was a gasp.
You don't know who Amber Ruffin is.
Okay.
But yeah, busy summer.
My band.
We're trying to play a show this summer.
Our first show.
Original songs.
Yeah.
Why didn't you ever play a song on the show?
I'm actually working on the rice one.
The Blink 182.
Yeah.
That's cool.
So you didn't hear last week's episode?
So you didn't hear rice burn.
I heard it.
That was good.
Is it a different take on the rhythm of the rice?
Say that.
Rico, what was that?
I said, do you could say that?
Yeah, but you said it in a way that like,
I felt like you were really working up the courage to say it.
And then you look immediately self-conscious.
Like, I'm going to just.
Splice it in right here.
Rice it in right here.
This sucks.
This episode sucks.
This might have to be worst episode ever three.
I think it's going fine.
Yeah, but that's the attitude that's making it go bad.
Is that everyone's like, yeah, it's fine.
But I'm like, you're not adding anything.
Right?
Well, if you wanted me to host, I would have had to have a different recording set up.
So I could do the soundboard.
I didn't actually want you to host.
I just wanted you to feel bad about the fact that you were last week.
About the fact.
I was crushing it again.
What I, okay, you did well.
But we have to acknowledge the outline.
And that's what, that's the grudge I've been holding against everyone here.
For the past 40 minutes.
I think the outline really didn't help that much.
The outline's the only reason it lasted for 50 minutes.
The outline was everything.
Rice brewing?
Right?
Yeah.
I mean, I was like, answering the same questions as Donald Trump
from his CNN down all a month prior.
That didn't go well at all.
Because he didn't give any questions.
It was just kind of like a document.
But you don't feel like I was a little bit responsible for the omniscience of me.
Well, I saw a decent amount of comments that were like the worst part of the episode
was like the 30 something minute mark to the 30 something minute mark.
And when you clicked on it, it was using Rice brewing.
So I think people kind of sourd when your voice appeared.
We felt comfort in it.
And Casey said it was like that.
Your phone's a try.
Yeah.
I guess so.
How does that make you feel?
Do you guys like get a different hourly rate?
Like, do you guys get like a pay bump if you do the show?
Because I just feel like not enough.
People say yes to doing it.
And they look like they'd rather be anywhere else.
And I'm pretty sure all three of you guys are salary employees.
So you're not making any extra money doing this.
Why do it?
If you're going to come up and show up with the sour.
Well, sometimes it's fun.
And not today.
Sorry, you're saying.
I like the segments.
You like when I have segments prepared.
Yeah.
I mean, and also like at the very least,
we could have stuck to the segments,
but made them up.
That's what you went along.
Okay.
So what should we do?
What segments should we do?
Because I thought about rickles or
Henry Don edition.
I love that.
What's that?
Um, all right.
This is an on the spot.
Or should I say, don the spot?
That's really good.
Um, a man with a briefcase can steal millions more than any man with a gun.
Rickles are Henley.
I want to go Henley.
Correct.
I'm not on any crusade.
Rickles.
That was Henley.
Tough.
You know what's funny to me?
Attitude.
Henley.
That was rickles.
Mereka's exactly right.
The Eagles and the critics were not the best of friends.
Rickles.
Correct.
Yeah.
All these brandy quote things from rickles is just bashing the Eagles.
Oh, this is kind of topical.
I'm a New Yorker originally.
I was raised in.
That's where Marie goes.
All right.
Don't.
I think they're from Texas.
That's cool.
Um, playing the drums hurts my back.
I'm going to say rickles again.
Henley.
That's exactly right.
Um,
Lost suits should not.
You'd be used to destroy a viable and independent distribution system.
Why aren't you guys like cracking up?
That was Emily.
Um,
Italians are fantastic people, really.
Oh, God.
Rickles Johnson.
Don Johnson.
Correct.
Rickles.
Um.
Sox.
Jeff, what is your bag say?
I.
If I say what it says, it doxes me.
Didn't say where I mean.
Weep it.
I mean.
It's just.
Something.
Also said.
At least a million times.
That was rickles.
Or Henley.
Don addition.
I think that's a hit.
I think that's the whole fucking ship from sinking.
Sure.
Can I ask?
Here's I have a question.
Yeah.
More like a thought experiment.
Or just like something to pause it.
But what do we think the next.
Um,
Statement tote is going to be.
From me.
It's from.
Or you mean in the world?
In general.
Right now it's what?
Because it was LL being.
And then it was Trader Joe's and then now it.
Uh, well, it was like the New Yorker one for a while.
Yeah.
About that.
I feel like.
And then also like outdoor voices.
The tote bag that you go and you.
Buy their their clothes.
Was that true.
And he thoughts.
Not a big tote guy.
Doesn't carry that.
A backpack.
Usually.
It's cool.
And you have like a car.
So you're going to spy groceries and put them.
Well, I do.
I do use a toe when I go grocery shopping.
Cartier.
A Cartier toe.
Yeah.
I think Cartier is going to start bagging jewels in hemp.
And then people are going to start like state.
Holy shit.
Look how much money I have.
You know, he went to he didn't go to Jared.
He went to Cartier.
And also I have this like bag made of straw.
Plugs.
What do you guys got?
What do you want to point the people towards?
Uh, the floor is yours.
Let's go.
Emma Brad.
Me.
And then if we have time, we'll go.
Maria.
You can follow me on Instagram at Emma Rose.
And the poison coming somewhere sometime pending the sound mix.
Thank you, Jeff.
I have been meeting to ask.
Is that about me?
When I say your name is it about you?
No, the movie.
Um, the poster tagline being like that Jeff is poison.
No, it's not about you.
But if you want to see it, I'll send it to your wife.
You can tell me if it resonates.
Maybe it is about you.
Brad.
Brad the human on Instagram.
If you live in or around Portland.
I may or may not be playing a show somewhere at some point this summer.
So not a good plug.
We'll just have you back on the week before you're about to have a show.
How about that?
Sure.
But you were going before me.
Um, at Jeffrey James on Instagram, but I don't post that often.
So it doesn't matter.
That was like a decent amount.
Once a month.
That's not where I go on.
On Twitter and Instagram and letter box.
Also come to a come happy hour at caveat in New York City.
On Monday, July 17th.
It's going to be a lot fun.
Line up is really great.
Joe Firestone, Celeste M, Conor Atlas.
Yes.
Mike Bruce Cane.
Huge.
Still exciting.
Don Rickles.
Don Henley.
On the drum.
The brothers.
Don.
On the drums.
Throwing out his back.
On the other.
Um.
And we'll see you guys again next week.
We're going to be in studio tomorrow for next week's episode.
So hopefully the energy is a little bit less poison.
Um.
And Rick, are you on top of everyone?
No.
Okay.
I wasn't invited.
And I'm not in LA.
And also, I'm going to tell everyone a poison.
The energy.
And you.
Live on air.
That was a hit dumb original.